i i don't get the whole cat thing like i
never had a
pet growing up like my girlfriend has a
cat but not just any old cat a 12 year
old rescue cat called sam who was
psychological diarrhea
that's what the lady in the rescue
center said said there's nothing
physically wrong with sam he's just been
through some things and now he shits
himself
and that's the cat my girlfriend chose
could've got a kitten a sweet innocent
kitten
instead she chose a cat with a backstory
it's a interracial relationship uh
i'm black and my girlfriend's vegan
a lot of sacrifices you have to make
being with a vegan like there's no
longer milk in the fridge
or joy
it's it's not ebony and ivory
she can be very demanding sometimes like
sometimes when she insists i give her a
back rub
i think to myself is this the freedom my
ancestors died for
is this what martin luther king dreamt
about
then we have sex and i tried to stop
thinking about martin luther king
[Applause]
and you can breathe again
yeah she's a planner my girlfriend she
likes to plan out our relationship
and the latest plan which she's
communicated to me is that we are gonna
have a baby in three years
and when she told me i freaked out i was
like am i ready to be a dad
will i be any good at it and then i
remembered something which immediately
reassured me which is
kanye west is a dad
and no one's taking his kids away
the guy literally said slavery was a
choice
not one visit from social services to
check that he wasn't using them as child
labor
all right the bar for dads is quite low
i thought okay i could be a dad
but then i started thinking what kind of
kid would we have because the kid's
going to be a reflection of me and my
girlfriend
started thinking what's my girlfriend
going to be bringing to the baby
and immediately alarm bells started
ringing for one reason and one reason
only she can't burp
she burps like a seagull trying to
swallow a chip
and i started thinking to myself can i
love a baby that does that
because let's be honest i'm bringing a
lot to this baby
all right we all know who puts the cute
in a mixed race baby
[Applause]
that one always divides the room
between the black people in the audience
and our ugly people
a lot of ugly people in tonight it's all
right i can say that my girlfriend's
ugly
so race war go
guys this has been absolutely lovely
i've been teasing thank you very much
you